Replace olm install guide with one aimed at k8s and openshift (#167)
Kuadrant/docs.kuadrant.io: docs/install-helm.md

# Install with Helm

## Prerequisites

* Kubernetes cluster with support for services of type `LoadBalancer`
* [kubectl CLI](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/kubectl/)

## Basic Installation

> The latest helm installation instructions for the kuadrant operator are maintained at [https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/kuadrant/kuadrant-operator](https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/kuadrant/kuadrant-operator).

Reviewer: how easy is it to update and maintain the artifacthub doc? Im thinking it make more sense to have the steps from that doc in this doc your creating doc in our repo where its easy for us to update etc and then instead link to this doc in artifacthub wdyt?

Author: I discussed this a little with @didierofrivia on slack, and we landed on having the installation steps maintained at https://kuadrant.io/helm-charts/ (with some UI styling to make it look like the docs site). However, right now, that's not the best place to link to, hence the linking to artifacthub.

We could have the steps inline here on the docs site.
I'd like to avoid having multiple places to maintain steps though.
If we followed that approach, we could link to the docs site, direct to the "Install with Helm" page from both https://kuadrant.io/helm-charts and https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/kuadrant/kuadrant-operator
@R-Lawton @didierofrivia What are you thoughts on this approach?

Reviewer: what are the benefits of having http://kuadrant.io/helm-charts as a separate page? I don't see where we currently link to this on kuadrant.io so that people can find it. I agree with having one place with instructions rather than multiple.  I would be in favour of having the install-helm.md as the main/only way for installing on our website and then link it on artifacthub

Author: > what are the benefits of having http://kuadrant.io/helm-charts as a separate page
When I discussed originally linking to https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/kuadrant/kuadrant-operator with @didierofrivia (on [slack](https://kubernetes.slack.com/archives/C05J0D0V525/p1733483651241479)), I asked if it was "reasonable to link to https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/kuadrant/kuadrant-operator from docs.kuadrant.io for helm installation of kuadrant" 
dd suggested "we could enhance the UI of [kuadrant.io/helm-charts](http://kuadrant.io/helm-charts) and link that page"

We didn't discuss the benefits, but 1 thing that comes to mind is that helm users may come to the artifacthub page for the operator and have some expectation of installation steps in the main page there.
Perhaps another benefit is that the installation steps with helm are 'closer' to, and in the mind of the person that is publishing the operator to artifacthub, and are more likely to be updated at publish time of new versions.

However, I can think of some counter arguments for both of those points.
- we are deliberately directing people away from readme like content to the docs site as the primary place for install content (https://github.com/Kuadrant/kuadrant-operator/pull/1106)
- we shouldn't rely on chance for install with helm docs to be tested/updated. That should become part of ongoing maintenance regardless of where the content is.
- we had decided to link to http://kuadrant.io/helm-charts, not artifact hub, so it's unlikely users would discover http://kuadrant.io/helm-charts by themselves without first landing on our docs site (which artifacthub is a standard enough place for helm charts)

So, I'm coming around to the idea that we should have the install with helm steps maintained here in the docs site,
and link to it from anywhere else relevant (http://kuadrant.io/helm-charts & https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/kuadrant/kuadrant-operator).

Note that we may not get a response from @didierofrivia for another couple weeks at least.
I'm not in any hurry to merge this, but I would like to land something sooner than later to unblock some other work in the [epic](https://github.com/Kuadrant/kuadrant-operator/issues/1092) that would rely on linking to the updated getting started page/url in this PR.
Thoughts on making this change @R-Lawton, then discuss any further changes with dd after he returns?

Reviewer: Yeah happy to go with that

After installing the operator, you can create a Kuadrant resource to install the operand components.

```bash
kubectl apply -f - <<EOF
apiVersion: kuadrant.io/v1beta1
kind: Kuadrant
metadata:
  name: kuadrant
  namespace: kuadrant-system
EOF
```

> If everything went well, the status of the resource shoulde be `Ready`
> 
> ```bash
> kubectl get kuadrant kuadrant -n kuadrant-system -o=wide
> ```
> 
> ```bash
> NAME       STATUS   AGE
> kuadrant   Ready    64s
> ```

Reviewer: I quite like what we do for SCP with checking status of the resources with the one liners. It removes the need for explicitly showing what it should look like.
```suggestion
If everything went well, the status of the resource should be `Ready`

```bash
kubectl get kuadrant kuadrant -n kuadrant-system -o=jsonpath='{.status.conditions[?(@.type=="Ready")].message}{"\n"}'```

```
